[IMP] Misc: Remove section from from-address (#3165)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/email_communication/email_domain.rst

=========================================
Configuring DNS Records for Email Sending
=========================================

SPAM Email
----------

It happens sometimes that some emails from Odoo are misclassified by the different email providers
and end up in spam folders. At the moment, some settings are out of Odoo's control, notably the
way the different email providers classify our emails according to their own restriction policy
and/or limitations.

In order for servers to accept emails from Odoo on a more regular basis, one of the solutions is
for customers to create rules within their own mailbox. A filter can be added to the email inbox so

> that when email is received from the catchall (catchall@yourdatabase.odoo.com) it is moved to the

Reviewer: There is no email coming from the catchall, 
As the standard (no configuration) for 15, 16 and following, email are received from 
' "name of the user connected" <notifications@dbname.odoo.com> '
Which would be translated by:
' "name of the user connected" <{ICP.mail.from.filter}@{mail.catchall.domain}>'
(where ICP stand for ir.config.parameters, which is the System Parameters as you might now it ;) )

inbox. It is also possible to add the Odoo database domain onto a safe senders list or whitelist
on the receiving domain.

> If you notice a Odoo mail server on a blacklist notify Odoo via a new help ticket and the
> technical support team will work to get the servers removed from the blacklist.

Reviewer: Functional support team is doing it also :) Some ppl know how to handle it!
I would suggest:
```suggestion
If you notice a Odoo mail server on a blacklist notify Odoo via a new help ticket and the
support team will work to get the servers removed from the blacklist.
```

Should the Odoo database be using a custom domain for sending emails from Odoo there are three

> records that should be implemented on the custom domain's DNS to ensure the sending and receiving

Reviewer: SPF DKIM & DMARC are only impacting the deliverability, not the receiving part.

Also as we were again discussing today with @jad-odoo , unfortunately, there is use case where even with a full and correct DNS configuration, we are unable to guarantee that emails do not arrive in SPAM. As the final receiving mailbox configuration might decide something different.

That's the reason why we can see emails arriving in Spam in Outlook, even with DNS fully and correctly configured but everything working smoothly in Gmail.

=========================================
Configuring DNS Records for Email Sending
=========================================

SPAM Email
----------

> It happens sometimes that some emails from Odoo are misclassified by the different email providers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, emails from Odoo are misclassified by the different email providers
```

and end up in spam folders. At the moment, some settings are out of Odoo's control, notably the

> way the different email providers classify our emails according to their own restriction policy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
way the different email providers classify Odoo's emails according to their own restriction policy
```

and/or limitations.

It is standard in Odoo that emails are received from :guilabel:`"name of the user connected"
notifications@dbname.odoo.com`. In other words this can be translated to: :guilabel`"name of the
user connected" <{ICP.mail.from.filter}@{mail.catchall.domain}>`. In this case ICP stands for
ir.config.parameters, which is the System Parameters. Deliverability is greatly improved with the
:ref:`notifications configuration <email_servers/notifications>`.

In order for servers to accept emails from Odoo on a more regular basis, one of the solutions is
for customers to create rules within their own mailbox. A filter can be added to the email inbox so
that when email is received from Odoo (notifications@dbname.odoo.com) it is moved to the
inbox. It is also possible to add the Odoo database domain onto a safe senders list or whitelist
on the receiving domain.

> If you notice a Odoo mail server on a blacklist notify Odoo via a new help ticket and the support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an Odoo mail server appears on a blacklist, notify Odoo via a new help ticket and the support
```

=========================================

SPAM Email
----------

Sometimes, emails from Odoo are misclassified by the different email providers and end up in spam
folders. At the moment, some settings are out of Odoo's control, notably the way the different email
providers classify Odoo's emails according to their own restriction policy and/or limitations.

It is standard in Odoo that emails are received from "name of the author"
notifications@dbname.odoo.com. In other words this can be translated to: "name of the
author" <{ICP.mail.from.filter}@{mail.catchall.domain}>. In this case ICP stands for
ir.config.parameters, which are the System Parameters. Deliverability is greatly improved with the
:ref:`notifications configuration <email_servers/notifications>`.

In order for servers to accept emails from Odoo on a more regular basis, one of the solutions is
for customers to create rules within their own mailbox. A filter can be added to the email inbox so
that when email is received from Odoo (notifications@dbname.odoo.com) it is moved to the
inbox. It is also possible to add the Odoo database domain onto a safe senders list or whitelist
on the receiving domain.

> If an Odoo email server appears on a blacklist, notify Odoo via a new help ticket and the support

Author: Yes, this is an excellent suggestion, thanks 💯

=========================================
Configuring DNS Records for Email Sending

> =========================================

Author: Noted, thanks for changing.

that fails the :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy Framework)` and/or :abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys Identified
Mail)` check.

.. example::
   DMARC: TXT record

>    v=DMARC1; p=none; sp=none; aspf=r; adkim=r; pct=100; rua=mailto:example@company.com;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   v=DMARC1; p=none;
```

Let's simplify this at maximum.

This DMARC is enough for a first configuration (just won't do anything).
I would rather add a link to this page:
https://dmarc.org/overview/
Explaining which parameters can be added.

(This change is subject to discussion :)  -- maybe @jqu-odoo might have an opinion on it!)

Author: I've added this in as well, great suggestion!

that fails the :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy Framework)` and/or :abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys Identified
Mail)` check.

> 

Author: Great I've added this in. Thanks for clarifying.

Conformance)` and has defined one of these policies, the domain must be :abbr:`SPF (Sender Policy
Framework)` compliant or enable :abbr:`DKIM (DomainKeys Identified Mail)`.

If a partner, customer, or vendor, uses :abbr:`DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication,
Reporting, & Conformance)` and has defined one of these policies, the Odoo server cannot relay

> emails from this partner to the database users.

Reviewer: Not the case anymore with the notifications@ configuration.
As we do not spoof anymore

Author: Noted, I will remove this section.

should not impact the deliverability if the :abbr:`DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication,
Reporting, & Conformance)` check fails.

:abbr:`DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, & Conformance)` records are comprised
of tags in the form of :abbr:`DNS (Domain Name System)` records. These tags/parameters allow for
reporting (:abbr:`RUA (Reporting URI of aggregate reports)`) & (:abbr:`RUF (Reporting URI for
forensic reports)`) and more precise specifications like :abbr:`PCT (Percentage of messages
subjected to filtering)`, :abbr:`P (Policy for organizational domain)`, :abbr:`SP (Policy for
subdomains of the OD)` :abbr:`ADKIM (Alignment mode for DKIM)` & :abbr:`ASPF (Alignment mode for
SPF)`. It should be noted that the :abbr:`DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, &

> Conformance)` policy should not start out being too restrictive.

Author: Thanks, I appreciate the improvements!
